README.md, before:

[![Puppet Forge](http://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/danzilio/letsencrypt.svg?style=flat)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/danzilio/letsencrypt) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/danzilio/puppet-letsencrypt.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/danzilio/puppet-letsencrypt) [![Documentation Status](http://img.shields.io/badge/docs-puppet--strings-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](http://danzilio.github.io/puppet-letsencrypt)

This module installs the Let's Encrypt client from source and allows you to request certificates.

## Support

This module requires Puppet >= 4.0. and is currently only written to work on
Debian and RedHat based operating systems.

## Usage

To install the Let's Encrypt client with the default configuration settings you
must provide your email address to register with the Let's Encrypt servers:

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  email => 'foo@example.com',
}
```

This will install the Let's Encrypt client and its dependencies, agree to the
Terms of Service, initialize the client, and install a configuration file for
the client.

Alternatively, you can specify your email address in the $config hash:

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  config => {
    email  => 'foo@example.com',
    server => 'https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory',
  }
}
```

If you don't wish to provide your email address, you can set the
`unsafe_registration` parameter to `true` (this is not recommended):

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  unsafe_registration => true,
}
```

To request a certificate for `foo.example.com` using the `certonly` installer
and the `standalone` authenticator:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo.example.com': }
```

To request a certificate for `foo.example.com` and `bar.example.com` with the
`certonly` installer and the `apache` authenticator:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo':
  domains => ['foo.example.com', 'bar.example.com'],
  plugin  => 'apache',
}
```

If you need to pass a command line flag to the `letsencrypt-auto` command that
is not supported natively by this module, you can use the `additional_args`
parameter to pass those arguments:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo':
  domains         => ['foo.example.com', 'bar.example.com'],
  plugin          => 'apache',
  additional_args => ['--foo bar', '--baz quuz'],
}
```

## Development

1. Fork it
2. Create a feature branch
3. Write a failing test
4. Write the code to make that test pass
5. Refactor the code
6. Submit a pull request

We politely request (demand) tests for all new features. Pull requests that contain new features without a test will not be considered. If you need help, just ask!

Commit message:

Change Puppet 4 specifics to support Puppet 3

README.md, after:

[![Puppet Forge](http://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/danzilio/letsencrypt.svg?style=flat)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/danzilio/letsencrypt) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/domcleal/puppet-letsencrypt.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/domcleal/puppet-letsencrypt) [![Documentation Status](http://img.shields.io/badge/docs-puppet--strings-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](http://danzilio.github.io/puppet-letsencrypt)

This module installs the Let's Encrypt client from source and allows you to request certificates.

## Support

This module requires Puppet >= 3.0. and is currently only written to work on
Debian and RedHat based operating systems.

### Puppet 3 support

This branch is a version of [danzilio's original](https://github.com/danzilio/puppet-letsencrypt/)
backported to run on Puppet 3.  I recommend using Puppet 4 with his version if
at all possible.

## Usage

To install the Let's Encrypt client with the default configuration settings you
must provide your email address to register with the Let's Encrypt servers:

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  email => 'foo@example.com',
}
```

This will install the Let's Encrypt client and its dependencies, agree to the
Terms of Service, initialize the client, and install a configuration file for
the client.

Alternatively, you can specify your email address in the $config hash:

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  config => {
    email  => 'foo@example.com',
    server => 'https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory',
  }
}
```

If you don't wish to provide your email address, you can set the
`unsafe_registration` parameter to `true` (this is not recommended):

```puppet
class { ::letsencrypt:
  unsafe_registration => true,
}
```

To request a certificate for `foo.example.com` using the `certonly` installer
and the `standalone` authenticator:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo.example.com': }
```

To request a certificate for `foo.example.com` and `bar.example.com` with the
`certonly` installer and the `apache` authenticator:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo':
  domains => ['foo.example.com', 'bar.example.com'],
  plugin  => 'apache',
}
```

If you need to pass a command line flag to the `letsencrypt-auto` command that
is not supported natively by this module, you can use the `additional_args`
parameter to pass those arguments:

```puppet
letsencrypt::certonly { 'foo':
  domains         => ['foo.example.com', 'bar.example.com'],
  plugin          => 'apache',
  additional_args => ['--foo bar', '--baz quuz'],
}
```

## Development

1. Fork it
2. Create a feature branch
3. Write a failing test
4. Write the code to make that test pass
5. Refactor the code
6. Submit a pull request

We politely request (demand) tests for all new features. Pull requests that contain new features without a test will not be considered. If you need help, just ask!
